README.md, before:

# Multi-Lingual Input Tools
# Info:
ℹ️ Multi-Lingual Input Tools is a browser extension developed by [@devsai9](https://github.com/devsai9). It helps its users to easily copy & paste accented letters and symbols that are not on the English keyboard from a variety of languages, such as Spanish, French, German, Romanian, Portuguese, and Dutch, with more languages still being added!
### Installation:
🛒 It is currently available on the [Chrome Webstore](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/multi-lingual-input-tools/dkbgodmmblfcnfledmedmepimmpebnjo?hl=en) and [Microsoft Edge Addons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/multilingual-input-tools/aoehggnalolhonphifnooepocfjpghfl)

# Privacy Policy:
Privacy is of utmost importance to us. We store no identifying user data.<br>
To learn more, please read the [Privacy Policy](PRIVACY.md).

# Setup After Installation
Note: The images below are from v6.5 and may be outdated. If the steps to use the extension ever change, these steps will be updated.<br>
After installing the extension and launching the popup. You will be prompted to select a language from settings/options. The color mode is by default set to dark mode but can be changed to light mode. <br><br>
Prompt Mentioned above:<br>
<img src="extension/assets/en/screenshots/v6.5/raw/popup_prompt.png" width=500 />

To get to settings at any time by going to the menu in the top right corner of the popup: <br>
<img src="extension/assets/en/screenshots/v6.5/raw/popup_menu.png" width=300 /> <br>
and click the gear icon: <br>
<img src="extension/assets/en/screenshots/v6.5/raw/popup_menu_settings-icon.png" width=200 /> <br>
After that, you will be on a page that is similar to the image below: <br>
<img src="extension/assets/en/screenshots/v6.5/raw/options.png" width=500 /> <br>
Here you can switch the light/dark mode setting: <br>
<img src="extension/assets/en/screenshots/v6.5/raw/options_color-mode.png" width=300 /> <br>
And the Selected Language: <br>
<img src="extension/assets/en/screenshots/v6.5/raw/options_language.png" width=300 /> <br>

# Contact & Support: 
[Support Discord Server](https://devsai9.github.io/Multi-Lingual-Input-Tools/contact.html)

Commit message:

Updated README.md to have new website information & links

README.md, after:

# Multi-Lingual Input Tools

# Info:
ℹ️ Multi-Lingual Input Tools is a browser extension developed by [@devsai9](https://github.com/devsai9).<br>
To learn more, please visit [the website](https://multi-lingual.extensions.saisiddhish.me/guide/about).

### Installation:
🛒 It is currently available on the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/multi-lingual-input-tools/dkbgodmmblfcnfledmedmepimmpebnjo?hl=en) and [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/multilingual-input-tools/aoehggnalolhonphifnooepocfjpghfl)

# Privacy Policy:
Privacy is of utmost importance to us. We store no identifying user data.<br>
To learn more, please read the [Privacy Policy](PRIVACY.md).

# Setup & Usage
Foe an in-depth and up-to-date user guide, please visit the [user guide](https://multi-lingual.extensions.saisiddhish.me/guide/user-guide) on our website.

# Contact & Support: 
Please visit the [contact page](https://multi-lingual.extensions.saisiddhish.me/guide/contact) on our website for the most up-to-date contact information.
